Stop running Facebook ads until you do
this. I've managed over a billion
dollars in Facebook ad spend over the
last 5 years, and I've developed a
system to run profitable Facebook ad
campaigns with any budget, whether it's
spending $100 or $10,000 a day. If
you're not using the system, you're
losing money every day on your ads. So,
I'm going to reveal it to you so that
way you can scale your Facebook ads
without having to guess or waste money.
First, you need to fix this before you
even touch your Facebook ads. You need
to first have a really good compelling
offer. When you have a really good
compelling offer, the algorithm works
harder for you. And without it, your CPM
skyrocket and your CTR stank. Everyone's
running Facebook ads, including your
competition. But what separates you from
them? Is it your creative? A lot of
people can modify their creative. Is it
how you're running your ads? Eventually,
people learn the tricks out there. But
if you don't have a really compelling
offer that's better than your
competition, it's harder to get really
cheap CPMs and get your CTRs to
skyrocket. Strong offers solve one
urgent problem. When you're trying to
create a good offer, you need to think
about how you can solve one urgent
problem. You need to highlight outcomes,
not features, and differentiate with a
unique value proposition. A killer offer
makes everything cheaper and easier
because it gives Meta's AI a clear
reason to find your ideal buyer. Next,
do this to copy winning ads to give
yourself a head start. There's something
called Meta Ad Library, and you can use
this to search competitor brands. It
identifies longunning ads and analyzes
their hooks, angles, and messaging. All
you have to do is just look that, click
play, and you can see what's working for
them. The longer the ad's been running,
that means there's a higher probability
that the ad is generating a positive
ROI. Because why would companies keep
spending money if an ad is losing them a
ton of cash? And you want to do this for
not one competitor, but ideally three or
more competitors. And that way, you can
figure out what's working for people in
your space and what's not. This way, you
can stop guessing, and that way you'll
start generating conversions way quicker
with your ads versus throwing up a lot
of duds. What I like doing is remixing
proven formats. And this gives you a
head start and saves thousands of wasted
dollars on testing. So, I'll take what's
working for competitor A, what's working
for competitor B, and what's working for
competitor C. I then take the best parts
and it gives me ideas on what I should
do within my own Facebook ad to generate
the sales. Create your ads like this if
you want them to work forever. There's a
proven three-part ad formula that I love
using: hook, value, and CTA. When I film
ads, I film multiple versions of each
part. So, multiple versions of the hook,
multiple versions of the value, which is
mainly the body, and multiple versions
of the call to action. That way, I can
see which elements are working the best.
See, meta punishes stale creatives.
Eventually, you have audience fatigue,
and you'll notice that the costs go up.
When you have multiple variations, what
you find is not only does it help
protect your performance, it keeps your
CPMs down overall. So, I like creating
three to five hooks per ad, two to three
bodies, and several CTAs. And then I
remix them weekly. And Meta also finds a
winning version through AV testing. I
then take that data based on what's
working for Meta, and it gives me ideas
on the hooks people prefer within my
industry and what they don't. So that
way, I can create more of the stuff
that's converting well and less of the
stuff that's not converting as well. Try
these trending ad formats that often
outperform traditional Facebook ads to
get ahead. Look, raw lowfi content like
Tik Tok style clips or selfie videos or
behindthe-scenes footage often
outperforms highly produced ads. Look,
polished ads feel salesy and UGC feels
native and natural and it earns trust
because people feel that it's authentic.
You can use a mix of UGC carousel mini
stories and emotionled graphics to win
in the feed without looking like
traditional ads.
Most people are sabotaging the Facebook
ads before they even launch because they
aren't doing this. Meta wants you to
stop using outdated interest stacks and
instead rely on AI to optimize based on
conversion data from your pixel. Pixels
track browser activity, but iOS 14 plus
blocks much of that, crippling your
results unless you fix it. And when you
install both Facebook pixel and
conversion API, it's crucial for server
side tracking and allows Meta to learn
exactly who's buying. Finally, if you
don't implement this, your ads won't
target the right people. You need to
understand something called pixel
conditioning. You want clear conversion
data that teaches Meta's AI to optimize
harder and faster. When Meta sees
conversions, real purchases, real leads,
it aggressively hunts for more just like
them. But bad or missing data trains the
system in the wrong direction. High
converting Facebook campaigns aren't
about hacks. They're about feeding the
algorithm with what it needs to scale
smartly and profitably. And if you
really want to do those funny, highly
produced videos, kind of like Squatty
Potty or the one that great marketing.ai
has where the two people dress up as
Mario and Luigi. You could do that. And
it's worked really well for many
businesses like Squatty Potty or Lumi,
the deodorant company. You can end up
doing that, but you got to get clever.
And a lot of times those videos don't
actually convert. So you'll spend a lot
of money and most of the times you end
up wasting it. But sometimes when you
find a hit, like the Mario and Luigi
video, it can work really well and boost
your conversions. And another bonus tip,
if you want your ads to convert better,
what we found is people who have a
strong personal brand that are in the
ads tend to see better CTAs and lower
cost to acquire a customer. And if you
want to build a personal brand, check
out this video that I created that
teaches how I built a $10 million
personal